the orangutan the man of the forest this
great ape lives only in Borneo and here
in Sumatra 20,000 years ago it was found
on the mainland too but now these
islands are its last refuge a wry
Newton's or fruit eaters but prolific
fruiting trees like figs are widely
scattered so they have to cover a lot of
forest to find enough food few trees
have enough fruit to feed more than one
or two animals as big as this so these
Apes can't live in large groups young
animals stay with their mothers for
several years but full-grown males are
solitary
despite the wait irani turns in Sumatra
spend most of the time up in the trees
they travel on the ground only when
there is no alternative and this is one
reason why
Samara still has Tigers a tiger could
kill in a rainy attack especially a
young
you